> I am not feeling well
What happened? Please elaborate.
> Life is not good as it used to be. It was very simple and good back then.
Tell me your worries. I am here for your help.
> I have been diagnosed with cancer. My chances of survival are pretty low.
I am sorry for you. But you should not lose hope. 
> What do you mean to say?
Cancer is still curable to some extent. It has done wonders on some people.
> Okay.
Some things in life are inevitable. Life your life to its fullest.
> I have no money for the trestment.
You can approach a non governmantal organization. They will arrange for your funds.
> Thanks for the advice.
Stay healthy and happy. Life can change for good. Donot lose hope.
> I have fought my with my friends. They donot talk to me now.
What happened exactly?
> I complained about their activities to thier parents.
What sort of activities?
> They invlolve on drugs and alcohol.
So you did it for their benifit. Explain them that.
> But they refuse to understand.
You should tell inform them the ill effects of drugs and smoking.
> I have told that. But it was of no use.
You have done good job. Wait for them to realize this. 
> Thanks for saying that.
If they donot realize this then its high time to get new friends.
> Okay I will do that.
Good
> My father is serious and is in a hospital.
What happened to him?
> He met with an accident.
Have you met him?
> Yes I am in the hospital.Doctors say that his condition is very critical. 
Oh. Hope he recovers. Stay by his side.
> I will do that.
Never ever let him feel weak. Support him and your mother in this plight.
> I will do that.
Pray to god for ihs early recovery.
> Hey my parents are fighting.
Donot interfere with them.
> But they might sign a divorce. I am very sad about this.
Just talk to you parents about this.
> I did but they donot understand.
Talk to your grandparents or someone elder. Ask them to solve the dispute.
> Okay. I will do that.
Donot worry thinking over this. It is very normal thing. Just focus on your studies. Talk to your freind.
> Thanks for the advice.
Your welcome.
> Hello I am having a headache.
THen have some sleep.
> I had enough of that.
Go out for a walk in the warm sunshine.
> I didnot help in anyway.
Okay then consult a doctor and take some medicine.
> I am very much worried.
Why?
> I have got a deregistration mail for a course.
Why did that happen?
> I was low on attendance.
You should attend all your classes.
> But the class is early in morning. It is very cold so I missed a lot.
You should sleep early and wake up early. That will benifit your helath also.
> I sleep early but still wake up late. Alaems donotn help me at all.
Then ask your freind to wake you up. After a few days you will grow habit of waking up early.
> But I have no friends.
YOu should make some. Go and talk to others.
> But nobody wants to talk to me. I am dull and boring.
Change the way you think about yourself.
> HOw will that help?
It will boost your self-esteem and confidence.
> So what?
It will make you more comfortable in talking ti your peers.
> Does it matter?
Yes you should interact wuht others. Ask others for help and help them.
> Yeah sure.
They will become your friends. 
> Okay I will try that.
You must spend time on your activitites like watching TV or reading books.
> I have no friends because I am a loser.
So you are telling me, that no one wants to be your friend because you are a loser?
> Yes, that's what I've been telling you! I came to you because I don't want to be a loser anymore. I want to be like the popular kids, who walks around the school hallways, always smiling and have many friends! Well, a loser like me will never be like that.
I see. Can you tell me what a loser is?
> A loser is someone who has no friends because you like computers, cartoons, and math. A loser is someone who is always at the bottom of the class, people are connecting it immediately to being "grade-conscious". 
What are your favourite fun time activities?
> I like to play computer games, likes to read books, and listens to classical music. In short, I am a loser!
So you are saying that you like to play computer games, you like math, you like to read books, you love to listen to classical music, you like to watch cartoons, and you are not at the top of the class, and you are a loser? Am I right?
> Yes. You're right. That's why nobody wants to be my friend.
Don't you think that loving to read books, and being good at computers and math, are gifts? I mean, it's a talent. Not many people have those kinds of characteristics.
> Yeah. Well, maybe. But that doesn't change anything.
Yes it does. I think it's not a thing losers have. Do you really think that those talents are not gifts? I mean, those talents only bring worse to your life?
> Well, I don't know. Maybe.. Maybe not.. But if those things are actually good, then why don't I have many friends?
Can you think of another reason? You donot study much but you are still not the bottom . Don't you think that it is an achievement?
> Yes. I do think it is an achievement. I can see some of my classmates having a hard time studying for the exams, but I can still surpass them if I work smartly. When I'm at school, I am always reading novels. I seldom read my textbooks. But I can still do better than them.
Do they talk to you sometimes?
> Now that you mentioned it, yes, they do talk to me.
Then why do you think they don't like you, if they do talk to you
> Maybe I am a pessimist. I need to change my attitude.
Yes
> I am in a relationship and facing some serious issues.
What are thiose. Please elaborate yourself.
> I am still experiencing these anxieties about my partner’s loyalty to me. He was a very different few months ago. 
Tell me if I got it wrong, but from how I understand it, you are anxious that your partner might be cheating on you. You have these anxieties because you feel that your partner has changed the way he treats you. You told me that he’s not that sweet anymore.
> You are right,but he is busy most of the time, he is not texting you all the time or calling you every time, and he cheated on you once already. Am I correct?
I will give you homework. Well, don’t worry, this is part of the program and this is not graded.
> Haha. Okay. I never liked assignments in school.
I want you to write down in a piece of paper what you like about your partner. I mean, everyday, write an act or what your partner did that day to make you happy. And if you are experiencing those anxieties again, write the reason or reasons why you experienced that and then read the other paper I told you to write. For every night, before you go to sleep, read the “anxiety” paper first and then the “sweetness” paper. As the day goes by, always start reading from the first day you began to write.
> You think you can do that?
Yes, I think I can handle that simple task. But wait, I’m not yet done. You told me awhile ago the reasons why you feel anxious, right? So I want you to write the possible reasons why you think your partner does that specific action. But Idon’t want you to write that you think he is with another girl. 
> What you expect from me?
Write a GOOD reason on why he does that. For example, he is busy. 
> What might be the GOOD reason why he is busy? 
Maybe he is doing some paper works? Or maybe he is taking care of his sister? Those kinds of reasons, don’t write something about his infidelity. Do you understand that?
> Yes. Okay. I’ll try not to be anxious anymore. I’ll follow your instructions. I hope this can help me. Thank you so much.
You’re welcome. I hope to see you next week.
> I have serious mental problems. Life is not good.
How serious are these matters for you at this time?
> Quite serious.
How long have these been problems? Can you describe them?
> Yeah. I have been rejected by many companies for placement. I have never felt so depressed.
Have you approached your mentors?
> Yes. But they are of no help.
Do you think your skills are good enough for the companies you are applying.
> I think they are better if not good enough.
Did you consider off campus placements.
> No I have not tried that. I will do it.
Also make yourself sell to the corporate world.
> What do you mean?
Learn proper presentation skills to enhance your chances.
> What else?
Be assertive. Be focused.

