> Hi
Hello
> My day was very bad today.
What happened
> My cycle broke again 
Oops, no worry. Mechanical stuffs always have issues
> But I missed class due to this. And professor took class test
Talk too him about this
> I am going through a bitter phase
Life always has ups and downs. The difference is how you percieve them. 
> I had a break up with my girlfriend. 
Good, You deserved better than her.
> I fought with my parents.
Parents can never be angry with their child for long. Just say sorry and all will be fine.
> I tried  but it seems they have disowned me
Call them again. Once their mood changes, they will definitely forgive you
> I was trolled on facebook
People get trolled everyday on social media Dont take social media seriously
> I got very poor marks in all my subjects while my friends received As. Probably I will get a backlog.
A sheet of paper does not prove your talents. A poor semester does not imply the end of life
> Things never work out for me, I will never achieve what I want.
You wil. Never get disappointed by failures. Failure is the first step towards success.
> I have no real friends. Everyone backstabs me.
Everyone faces such situation in life. You must be having someone. Try to recall.
> I have low class attendance.
Try to talk to your professors regarding that. They will definitely solve your problems.
> I am addicted to drugs and alcohol. 
Check for rehabilitation centres. They provide the perfect help in such cases.
> I have no money. I am born poor.
Its not your fault that you are born poor but it will be your fault if you die so.
> I didnot get a placement in my final year.
You will definitely get some work. Try to foster your talents. 
> I feel insecure about my career. My life has no meaning. Its all over now.
Everything in this world has some inherent uncertainity. You do not need to feel insecure. Try to find out positives in life. Do not focus on the negative things
> I am in no society or research groups. I am also very poor at sports. My CGPA is low.
Try to do what you like to do. It could be anything. You must be having some hobbies
> I was bullied by seniors in my hall.
There are problems in everyone's life. Try to ignore them and focus on your career.
> I have been deregistered due to low attendance
Be positive, you will easily clear the subject next semester.
> My next semesters are more tough.
You will have to work hard but nothing is impossible in this world. Remember that you can do anything
> I spend all the day studying still I get bad grades in the exams.
Marks do not measure your talents. Remember, Einstein failed in Physics?
> I got no internship offer inspite of being very talented.
No company deserves you then. Try something new. 
> I am afraid of interviews. They make me nervous.
Talk to people. This is a very common problem
> I hid from my parents that I drink and smoke
Tell them the truth, they will be angry initially but then everything will be fine.
> All my friends will graduate but I have a semester back.
You will enjoy your college for another year then. Try to find out positivity in everything and life will be beautiful
> I never wanted to be an engineer but an artist.
Go for it then. Its never late to pursue your dreams.
> My friend passed away in an accident. I am shacked and deeply hurt.
Cherish the memories you made and move on. The world is a stage and all men and women merely players
> Hey
Hi
> I'm not feeling well
What happened?
> Nothing in my life is going well.
Dont be disappointed. Tell what made you feel so
> No one loves me
Hey, never think so. 
> But that is the truth!
No, first tell me what happened
> My crush doesn't like me back
Focus on your studies now. These things keep happening in life
> I'm failing my tests anyways
When are your tests?
> From tomorrow
You are a good student, you will easily clear your tests with fying colours
> But for what, tests do not interest me, neither does life
Have confidence in yourself
> Why do we exist
Everyone eists because of a reason
> And what is the so called 'reason'?
You will soon find out. But for now be cheerful.
> Why should I be cheerful over something that I'll get to know in the future.
Always remember to be happy in life. Never be disappointed of your failures. Failure is generally the first step to success
> My current mood is a fuction of my present state
Yes, but remember that your return is a function of future rewards as well
> Future doesn't matter if I commit suicide now.
I am asking you to tak to your parents now. Taliking with them will surely help
> I am an orphan
You have friends
> Yeah, they are always busy
Call them. Friends always have time for each other
> Okay, I'll try calling them tomorrow.
For now cheer up then. Do something that you really like to do
> I'm good for nothing
You must be having a hobby
> i hobby is talking to chatbots
Thats great, I also like chatting to you
> I like playing football
Great gather some friends and go out to play
> Thanks
Bye
> hi 
how are you?
> not well
what happened?
> no nothing happened
its okay to talk with me. Whatever you are feeling, I’m here to listen and help.
> i had a rough day today
okay a rough day once in a while is fine.
> it would have been fine if it was one day but it seems to be an unending series of worst days. 
everybody faces challenges and its not just you. Think of it as a bad time that will go after some time.
> thats what keeping me alive until now.
have you tried to talk to your family and friends about your experiences and feelings
> i feel they would start worrying about me. I dont want them to think of me as a sad depressed person.
I would never judge you for being depressed. I understand it’s outside of your control, and I’m here to help if I can.
> the thing is it really hard to open to someone about you being sad for no reason.Its difficult to explain to your friends
 and family about this heavy feeling in your chest for no reason. I dont understand why i am even depressed.
I can’t understand what you are going through, but I’m here for you.Please just know that when you need to talk I’m here.
>okay, i think i want to leave now.
have you tried to talk to your family. With my experience involving in community is the best way to win over these feelings.If you need space I understand, but please know you can talk to me anytime, day or night
> I am not feeling well
What happened? Please elaborate.
> Life is not good as it used to be. It was very simple and good back then.
Tell me your worries. I am here for your help.
> I have been diagnosed with cancer. My chances of survival are pretty low.
I am sorry for you. But you should not lose hope. 
> What do you mean to say?
Cancer is still curable to some extent. It has done wonders on some people.
> Okay.
Some things in life are inevitable. Life your life to its fullest.
> I have no money for the trestment.
You can approach a non governmantal organization. They will arrange for your funds.
> Thanks for the advice.
Stay healthy and happy. Life can change for good. Donot lose hope.
> I have fought my with my friends. They donot talk to me now.
What happened exactly?
> I complained about their activities to thier parents.
What sort of activities?
> They invlolve on drugs and alcohol.
So you did it for their benifit. Explain them that.
> But they refuse to understand.
You should tell inform them the ill effects of drugs and smoking.
> I have told that. But it was of no use.
You have done good job. Wait for them to realize this. 
> Thanks for saying that.
If they donot realize this then its high time to get new friends.
> Okay I will do that.
Good
> My father is serious and is in a hospital.
What happened to him?
> He met with an accident.
Have you met him?
> Yes I am in the hospital.Doctors say that his condition is very critical. 
Oh. Hope he recovers. Stay by his side.
> I will do that.
Never ever let him feel weak. Support him and your mother in this plight.
> I will do that.
Pray to god for ihs early recovery.
> Okay. I will do that.
Donot worry thinking over this. It is very normal thing. Just focus on your studies. Talk to your freind.
> Thanks for the advice.
Your welcome.
> Hello I am having a headache.
THen have some sleep.
> I had enough of that.
Go out for a walk in the warm sunshine.
> I didnot help in anyway.
Okay then consult a doctor and take some medicine.
> I am very much worried.
Why?
> I have got a deregistration mail for a course.
Why did that happen?
> I was low on attendance.
You should attend all your classes.
> But the class is early in morning. It is very cold so I missed a lot.
You should sleep early and wake up early. That will benifit your helath also.
> I sleep early but still wake up late. Alaems donotn help me at all.
Then ask your freind to wake you up. After a few days you will grow habit of waking up early.
> But I have no friends.
YOu should make some. Go and talk to others.
> But nobody wants to talk to me. I am dull and boring.
Change the way you think about yourself.
> HOw will that help?
It will boost your self-esteem and confidence.
> So what?
It will make you more comfortable in talking ti your peers.
> Does it matter?
Yes you should interact wuht others. Ask others for help and help them.
> Yeah sure.
They will become your friends. 
> Okay I will try that.
You must spend time on your activitites like watching TV or reading books.
> I have no friends because I am a loser.
So you are telling me, that no one wants to be your friend because you are a loser?
> Yes, that's what I've been telling you! I came to you because I don't want to be a loser anymore. I want to be like the popular kids, who walks around the school hallways, always smiling and have many friends! Well, a loser like me will never be like that.
I see. Can you tell me what a loser is?
> A loser is someone who has no friends because you like computers, cartoons, and math. A loser is someone who is always at the bottom of the class, people are connecting it immediately to being "grade-conscious". 
What are your favourite fun time activities?
> I like to play computer games, likes to read books, and listens to classical music. In short, I am a loser!
So you are saying that you like to play computer games, you like math, you like to read books, you love to listen to classical music, you like to watch cartoons, and you are not at the top of the class, and you are a loser? Am I right?
> Yes. You're right. That's why nobody wants to be my friend.
Don't you think that loving to read books, and being good at computers and math, are gifts? I mean, it's a talent. Not many people have those kinds of characteristics.
> Yeah. Well, maybe. But that doesn't change anything.
Yes it does. I think it's not a thing losers have. Do you really think that those talents are not gifts? I mean, those talents only bring worse to your life?
> Well, I don't know. Maybe.. Maybe not.. But if those things are actually good, then why don't I have many friends?
Can you think of another reason? You donot study much but you are still not the bottom . Don't you think that it is an achievement?
> Yes. I do think it is an achievement. I can see some of my classmates having a hard time studying for the exams, but I can still surpass them if I work smartly. When I'm at school, I am always reading novels. I seldom read my textbooks. But I can still do better than them.
Do they talk to you sometimes?
> Now that you mentioned it, yes, they do talk to me.
Then why do you think they don't like you, if they do talk to you
> Maybe I am a pessimist. I need to change my attitude.
Yes
> Yes. Okay. I’ll try not to be anxious anymore. I’ll follow your instructions. I hope this can help me. Thank you so much.
You’re welcome. I hope to see you next week.
> I have serious mental problems. Life is not good.
How serious are these matters for you at this time?
> Quite serious.
How long have these been problems? Can you describe them?
> Yeah. I have been rejected by many companies for placement. I have never felt so depressed.
Have you approached your mentors?
> Yes. But they are of no help.
Do you think your skills are good enough for the companies you are applying.
> I think they are better if not good enough.
Did you consider off campus placements.
> No I have not tried that. I will do it.
Also make yourself sell to the corporate world.
> What do you mean?
Learn proper presentation skills to enhance your chances.
> What else?
Be assertive. Be focused.
>How are you?
I am fine what about you?
> I am ill
Sorry to hear about that, did you visit a doctor?
> I am not well
Sorry to hear about that, did you visit a doctor?
> No
Its better if you do the same.
> sad
What happened?
> I am feeling sad
Why, what happened?
> I need help.
I am ready to help.
> Could you help me?
I will try my best
> Help
Sure
> I am not feeling happy
What happened, I am here to talk to you
> How are you doing?
Great, what about you?
